---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---


## Reading About A Wikipedia Controversy
### September 19th, 2018

Link to the article:
- [Wikipedia controversy drama](https://qz.com/1352568/running-for-office-is-hard-when-you-have-a-porn-stars-name-this-makes-it-worse/)

Has the author's word been treated fairly?
> I think the author's ban was treated fairly, but the article about Catalina Cruz was treated unfairly. The Wikipedia article included many references. I am, however, not sure whether these sources fulfill the requirements required of the Wikipedia notability policy. Based on articles pictures of the politician, Catalina Cruz is truly advertising the things she claims to be fighting for. This shows that Catalina is notable, in my view. So I would say that the article should be kept. 

Has the author been treated fairly?
> Now to the question of whether the author has been treated fairly. I would say yes, she has been treated fairly. By her own admission, she has said she is toxic when it comes to discussions within the Wikimedia community. Coming from a personal experience, I find it very hard to be near a toxic person, or be willing to cooperate with such a person without being affected emotionally. I think her ban is reasonable, considering her actions and attitude contributed to a negative environment among Wikipedia volunteers and the community. But again, this has nothing to do with the quality of the author's work. I think her article on Catalina Cruz is well done.

A little more on the topic of toxicity
- [Linus Toravlds steps down and is taking a break](https://www.newyorker.com/science/elements/after-years-of-abusive-e-mails-the-creator-of-linux-steps-aside)
> This is a recent article about Linus Torvalds on the years of verbal abuse he directed to many contributors to the Linux kernel. You can read it, but the moral of the story is that no one likes a bully, even if (s)he had made a great contribution to their field. I personally don't hate or dislike Linus Torvalds, but I have read some of his comments to his fellow programmers. The comments are just rude and very toxic; I cannot see myself willing to help this person contribute anything, even if it's something great like the Linux kernel (maybe not :), I am still interested in conntributing to Linux). Open Source work environment should not be like this.

About the definition of notability
> The definition of notability is definitely reasonable. To be notable means that many people can confirm something to be a fact. This means that Wikipedia will not have an article that tells lies. Wikipedia is popular and is used throughout the world. If it does not apply its standard of notability, which could result in the inclusion of inaccurate or unverified pages, then its credibility becomes damaged. This means that a contributor attempting to publish a new article faces the burden of advocating for their article. How does someone using this definition correctly sucessfully convince the editors who hold the deciding vote. Whoever holds the deciding vote must be convinced that the article is credible. The way to prove credibility is by how many people can confirm a fact, and if many people know about a subject, that subject is notable. It seems very logical to me.
