---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---


## OpenStreeMap Contribution! Read all about it! Also my answer about OpenSource Reading.
### September 9th, 2018

Links to my contribution on OpenStreeMap: 
- [Open Stree Map - yizongk_hunter](https://www.openstreetmap.org/user/yizongk_hunter/history)
- [Open Stree Map - yizongk](https://www.openstreetmap.org/user/yizongk/history)

*note: I made two accounts accidentally, which I have edited on both.*

> For the contribution, I looked inside my heart and found an itch that just bothers me so much: the lack of public restrooms in New York. There are actually many public restrooms, but there's no information on where they are located and the hours they are open. So I looked at the area I lived in - Queens. Nearby, there's a public park next to a public school, and there's a public restroom. I noticed on OpenStreetMap, that there's no information about such bathroom, so I made my edits there. Now I'm waiting approval. I plan to add a few more edits to this project about public restroom information.

---

## Open Source Reading
### September 12th, 2018

#### Three significant things that Richard Stallman did for the free and open source software movement:

> 1. Developing the GNU General Public License. It was designed to protect freedom for all users using a particular program, providing respect for users' freedom. For example, to be able to run an OS that allows any outside software to be ran on it, not just software made by certain people.
> 2. Differentiating the two term: Free and Open Source. Describing it as "Free speech, not free beer". Free meaning not just price, but social ideology, while Open Source describes more a technical method of developing software.
> 3. Founded the Free Software Foundation. To promote the very core idea of Free Software. The right to study the source code, modify it, and share. To have full control over their software. Especially in a near future where everything is becoming digital, being in control of these digital things will be critical.

#### Two key principles in the development of Open Source by Eric Raymond that strike me.

> 1. "Every good work of software starts by scratching a developer's personal itch." 
>> This out of all the processes is the most important one to me. It is something that anyone can do, and will provide the best motivation to continue doing so. It is a human nature to find something, even something small, that just annoys the hell out of them. When this happens, it's natural to do everything you can to fix that annoyance. Who wants to be constanly pissed off? 
> 2. "When you lost interest in a program, your last duty to it is to hand it off to a competent successor."
>> To keep this Open Source culture alive, it needs to have nothing to be left off. The culture cannot afford much to start over from scratch everytime a reoccurring problem arises. Espicially, when proprietary software still flourishes. Proprietary software often beats out the quality of Open Source software at the early stage of its life, because there's money involved. But over the time, Open Source will have better quality and more dedicated users to help improve its quality. This essentiailly means that if Open Source has to restart every time, it won't work. So to keep the quality of the Open Source culture, you must properly hand off a project to another qualified person.